docs(solo-weaver): fix mainnet sizing and accuracy issues (#2724) (#2779)
hiero-ledger/hiero-block-node: docs/block-node/block-node-overview.md

***To start running a Block Node, read:***

> - **Solo Provisioner Single Node Kubernetes Deployment Guide** – [step‑by‑step instructions for deploying a single Block Node instance with the Solo Provisioner on a Kubernetes, including environment preparation, deployment, and basic verification.](https://github.com/hiero-ledger/hiero-block-node/blob/main/docs/block-node/operations/solo-weaver-single-node-k8s-deployment.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Solo Provisioner Single Node Kubernetes Deployment Guide** – [step‑by‑step instructions for deploying a single Block Node instance with the Solo Provisioner in a Kubernetes cluster, including environment preparation, deployment, and basic verification.](https://github.com/hiero-ledger/hiero-block-node/blob/main/docs/block-node/operations/solo-weaver-single-node-k8s-deployment.md)
```
